Update README.md (#73)
microsoft/Bing-Maps-Fleet-Tracker: README.md

## Getting Started

> There are two parts of the set-up process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two parts to the set-up process:
```

> 1. Set up the backend services and administration portal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set up the back-end services and administration portal;
```

> 2. Set up the mobile client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set up the mobile client.
```

#### Step 1: 

> The easiest way to set up the backend services and administration portal is to use the [Bing Maps Fleet Tracker Deployment Portal](https://aka.ms/bingmapsfleettracker), which one-click deploy the Bing Maps Fleet Tracker solution into your Azure subscription. For a step by step walkthrough of how to deploy use the deployment portal, see [out of the box deployment](https://github.com/Microsoft/Bing-Maps-Fleet-Tracker/blob/master/DEPLOYMENT.md). None of the data entered on the deployment portal is stored by Bing Maps Fleet Tracker. It is only used to configure your deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to set up the back-end services and administration portal is to use the [Bing Maps Fleet Tracker Deployment Portal](https://aka.ms/bingmapsfleettracker), which one-click deploys the Bing Maps Fleet Tracker solution into your Azure subscription. For a step by step walk-through of how to deploy, use the deployment portal: see [out of the box deployment](https://github.com/Microsoft/Bing-Maps-Fleet-Tracker/blob/master/DEPLOYMENT.md). **None** of the data entered on the deployment portal is stored by Bing Maps Fleet Tracker. It is only used to configure your deployment.
```

> After deploying the backend services and administration portal successfully, you can find the walkthrough of using the Bing Maps Fleet Tracker solution [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/Bing-Maps-Fleet-Tracker/blob/master/WALKTHROUGH.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deploying the back-end services and administration portal successfully, you can find the walk-through of using the Bing Maps Fleet Tracker solution [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/Bing-Maps-Fleet-Tracker/blob/master/WALKTHROUGH.md).
```

> You can also build and run the backend services and administration portal from source as detailed [here](#build-and-run).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also build and run the back-end services and administration portal from source as detailed [here](#build-and-run).
```
